describe 2009 for Dale Earnhardt jr. the
race car driver for the race car driver
was really frustrating a lot of
disappointment you would go to the
racetrack every week and hope that this
will be the week that it was going to
turn around something good was going to
happen and you know it just never really
worked out that way you actually said
towards the end of the year I'm quote at
the end of my rope what that mean you
know what I meant that I was at the end
of my rope meaning I didn't know what
else to do or I didn't know where else
to go or how how to turn it around or
what you know professionally at the time
you know it was it was a you know
probably the most frustrated I had ever
been when you're struggling how bad do
you need somebody to put their arm
around you when you were going to
hendrick that's one thing that you
mentioned about Rick yeah he's a guy
that puts his arm around me and lets me
know I'm pretty good race car driver
yeah I bet he need that well when we
were running as badly as a were last
year I really didn't want to see Rick
you know because I was just so
disappointed in the shame we have like a
conference call every Tuesday and if and
if I could get the guts to show up for
that and didn't do it all time ma'am you
know we run so bad sometimes I just
wanted to disappear you know Jimmie
Johnson Mark Martin Jeff Gordon atop the
sport and then there's your team what's
it like to walk into the shop knowing
that you're not living up to that
standard it's it's real tough actually
to drive up to HMS and walk through that
shop knowing what you did last week or
the year before and you just you just
gotta man up you know you still have a
lot of guys in there the entire company
pretty much putting together race cars
that you're going to be taken to Daytona
and you're going to be driving all year
long and so you have to sort of you know
just go in there and get down to
business it seems like that success that
those guys had could go two ways with
you it could either make you say hey I
can do that or it could kill your
confidence yeah because they are so good
where were you without how does their
performance affect your confidence yeah
my confidence in my driving never really
never really got got poor my confidence
just in turning it around was was always
hard too hard to put together I feel
like I can compete with Mark I've
competed with Mark I beaten mark I
meeting Jeff of beating Jimmy on the
occasion and they're great teammates
they're also three pretty pretty damn
cool guys and they've been really
supportive of me even when we've been
struggling I mean there are the kind of
guys that holds you accountable and how
you know when they feel like that you
could do this differently or do
something better you know they're not
you know blowing sunshine is good you
know the holds you accountable their
detractors coming out of the woodwork
everywhere there are people that want to
tear you down what'd you say to people
that say you were exposed last year now
expose well I look at exposed you know
as what you know and not the talent that
some people may think really well you
know there's there's a there's a long
list of statistics and and and trophies
that I have and memories that I have
that would argue against that you know
that I got a legitimate talent drive
race car and have what it takes to win
races and have what it takes to run up
front and you know we were exposed as
being a poor race team last year and I
don't think anything more than that bar
realty company television production
company Nationwide Series team yep tons
of peripheral business interests sure
are you spread too thin no what okay
what right to you or anybody else have
to tell me what kind of businessman to
be and what kind of life really to live
if I'm everybody should have an urgency
to be an entrepreneur or to create
whatever life they want for themselves
for the most part we just sit back and
let it go all the things that I'm really
involved in are basically laid in the
hands of someone else that we feel you
know is going to be responsible for it
and so a lot of people like to point at
all those things we do and all the
association's we have in partnerships we
have and a lot of people think that
that's that's where my focus goes but
it's entirely miss uh miss interpretive
and the misunderstood was there ever a
time in the last two years that you
thought going to hendrick was a mistake
because it's kind of the one place where
there is no excuse rive a beat class car
or a c-class car and go hey man I got an
excuse for why I'm not right that's one
hell of a way to live right there you
know a lot of people might feel like
that's a good way to live their life but
that's not how I want to live my life I
want to be with the best I want to be in
the best position to have the best
equipment to be able to go to the
racetrack with all the confidence in the
world and Mike and what I'm driving if I
don't turn it around and we don't get
where we want to be enough you know we
don't ever you know see the success that
we wish we wanted to have you know we
will be disappointed and I won't worry I
won't ignore the fact that it was
disappointing that it didn't work out
but it wasn't a mistake to go there it
wasn't a mistake to do it even if it
doesn't work and it won't matter to me
that someone thinks it was a mistake
I'll have the memories of being involved
in it and having done it that's
priceless you know highest Earnhardt to
if when it did get bad he was willing to
go ask for help from others at hendrick
motorsports and he said nope I don't
have to go ask for
help is everywhere and anyway it doesn't
matter when it's as bad as it was for us
last year people usually don't know what
to say to you anyway